ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL OF THE SAME NAME
BY ZHU YI ON WWW.JJWXC.NET
Wen Yifan! Wen Yifan!
Your mom called and asked you
to go to the hospital now.
Your dad is--
Be careful!
Stay safe!
Sorry. The subscriber you dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Please dial later.
Sorry. The subscriber you dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Please redial later.
Sorry. The subscriber you dialed
cannot be connected for the moment.
Please dial later.
Thanks.
Why are you here?
I don't feel like going to school
and want to know
what it feels like to skip classes.
I will always be with you,
no matter what.
3,079 DAYS
THE 17TH DAY OF OFFICIALLY LIVING TOGETHER
Anyway, in conclusion,
everyone's work
has been fairly good this year.
It's just barely passing, though.
I hope everyone will continue
to strive hard next year.
It's time for the most troublesome issue
of the year again.
Who will be on duty
during the Spring Festival?
Is there any volunteer
who will impress me?
You all keep silent?
Okay. Then I'll call names.
Su Tian?
Ms. Qian, I…
Oh, right. I forgot.
Take a good rest then.
Thank you, Ms. Qian.
Zhen Yu,
I remember that you are from Nanwu.
So, you don't have to go out of town.
Could you stay on duty?
Mr. Qian, I bought
the ticket to Hainan long ago
and will celebrate
the Spring Festival there.
I've even bought some dresses.
You are going to celebrate
the Spring Festival in Hainan?
You are really rich.
I bought it long ago.
It was not expensive.
Fu Zhuang, stop hiding.
I've seen you.
Ms. Qian, I… I have been
out of home for two years.
- Stay with your mother then.
- Thank you, Ms. Qian.
Wu Mian?
Ms. Qian, I have to go home
for a blind date this year.
My mom has arranged it for me.
I won't be back until the eighth day
of the Spring Festival.
Just lock the door.
Help finish the food
in the refrigerator. Thanks.
Ms. Qian,
I can stay on duty.
I don't have anything else to do anyway.
You see?
Look how responsible Yifan is!
You guys need to learn from her.
Thank you for your hard work, Yifan.
Okay, stop working.
Everyone is so busy.
You are not going home
for the Spring Festival?
Su Haoan!
Where are you, Su Haoan? Su Haoan!
Come here!
What orders did you place?
- What's wrong?
- Why did you keep sending me orders?
GO HOME WITH SU HAOAN
DURING THE SPRING FESTIVAL
Don't you take all kinds of orders?
Of course not! What else do you want me
to do except have dinner?
You can pretend to be my girlfriend.
Pretend to be your girlfriend?
Our platform strictly prohibits
pornography, gambling, and--
You guys just go on.
Keep on eating and drinking.
It's fine.
- What's fine?
- We haven't seen
each other for a long time.
Why are you talking so loudly?
Where are we going?
Let's go upstairs and talk about it.
- Take your seat.
- Tell me.
Drink some water first. Don't be mad.
Tell me now!
Here's the thing.
My grandpa and grandma had a fight.
My grandma went
on a self-driving tour out of anger
and it has been for almost a year.
She said she wouldn't be home
for the Spring Festival
if I didn't bring home a girlfriend.
- So, I'm wondering--
- I won't play.
I didn't finish.
You want me to pretend
to be your lover, right?
- Yes.
- I won't accept it.
- Why?
- It's awkward.
Because I never take a job
of pretending to be someone's girlfriend.
Just help me, as I'm your best friend.
It's awkward because it's you.
So, you can do it for someone else?
Here, look!
- Who's J?
- It's Jun.
He's a chef.
"Someone else" doesn't mean
I can do it
if someone else places the order.
Then who should place the order?
It requires me to pretend
to be your girlfriend anyway.
You said you could do it for someone else.
You will have my account blocked
for brushing scams
by doing this. Cancel them now!
Well, guys, cancel the order
if you have placed one.
Don't place any orders if you haven't yet.
I'll still treat you to drinks. Thanks.
Let's make it clear
that I'll help you as a friend.
But I won't do anything
only a girlfriend can do.
Okay. I won't do anything
like that either.
Come on. Let's go downstairs.
I'll treat you to drinks and food.
It's my apology. Let's go.
Come on.
- What?
- Didn't I say I couldn't?
Excuse me!
Five, four, three, two, one!
- Are you okay?
- Yes.
Who wants a red envelope?
- Here!
- Come on!
- Happy New Year!
Come on! Here! You two take these.
- I'll grab some more.
- Thank you.
You are welcome.
Don't hustle. Be careful.
Yifan,
can you do it on your own?
I can be here at any time if you need me.
Don't worry, Tian.
Just go back for the Spring Festival.
Your baby needs to rest even if you don't.
I left the baby's father but kept the baby
and will be a single mother.
I don't know whether my decision
is right or wrong.
Or is all of this an arbitrary act?
Do you think my kid
will ask me where their dad is
in the future Spring Festivals?
Don't think too much.
Children nowadays
are much more open-minded than us.
Also, the vision of love now is different.
Don't cry.
I am touched by you.
I believe
you will bring a bright future
for the baby.
- That's for sure.
- Don't cry.
Come on! I'm back.
Here. Why are you crying?
I'm moved by what you did.
Look at you. Is someone bullying you?
No.
This is for the baby.
- Thank you.
- Yifan,
thank you for staying on duty.
Be happy every day in the coming year.
Thank you.
AUSPICIOUSNESS FROM THE GOLDEN LOONG
BLESSINGS FOR THE NEW YEAR
HAPPY NEW YEAR
You didn't go home, Mr. Zhang?
Why did you leave so late?
I'm on duty.
Will you still be here in a few days?
I will. Knock on my door if you need help.
You won't go home
for the Spring Festival either?
Someone has to guard the TV station.
It's hard to be on duty alone.
- Take this.
- You are too kind.
Just take it.
Dad, when will jiaozi be ready?
I'm hungry.
Be a good girl and check it yourself.
I am not alone.
My wife and daughter
came from our hometown to stay with me.
About this, madam,
just keep it for yourself.
No need to be polite with me.
Keep it for the kid.
Here.
Jelly! My favorite!
Thank you.
Come in and have some jiaozi.
No, thanks. I have things to do.
Okay. Happy New Year!
Happy New Year!
Here, your favorite grape flavor.
Zhang, try one.
Let's eat jiaozi!
- Are you ready?
- Yes!
Wait a moment.
The wine is ready.
The ceremony is about to begin.
Raise your glass.
One, two, three…
Cheers!
- Happy New Year!
Happy New Year, Dian!
Happy New Year!
- Why is Yifan alone?
- Well, Grandpa…
Welcome to the Spring Festival Gala
group chat conference.
Dian,
say hello to Qiao.
- Happy New Year, Dian!
- Happy New Year!
Is it that funny?
It depends on the audience's mood
whether the sketch is funny or not.
You should be happy
for the Spring Festival.
Qiao, come eat jiaozi.
Thank you, Grandma.
Did you eat jiaozi, Dian?
Not yet.
You have to eat jiaozi
for the Spring Festival.
Will you cook some yourself
or order a takeaway?
We're going to set off firecrackers.
Hurry up, Qiao!
Let's go out to set off firecrackers.
I'm going to set off firecrackers now.
Talk to you later. Bye!
Jiaozi, the taste of reunion.
I forgot to buy jiaozi.
Why are you back?
Didn't you tell me you wouldn't be back
until the eighth day
of the Spring Festival?
Too many relatives at home.
There are not enough rooms.
- Happy New Year!
It's mine! What are you doing?
Come home for dinner! What time is it?
Will you have
the Spring Festival Eve's dinner or not?
Didn't you have
the Spring Festival Eve's dinner?
Wen Yifan.
What's wrong?
I cooked too much.
Help eat some.
I'll help you put the rest
in the refrigerator.
Leave the vegetables here.
The meatballs… Won't you eat them?
Put some in if you want to eat them.
Okay.
Should we put in some jiaozi?
It's the Spring Festival Eve.
Okay.
Then put some in.
Give me two eggs.
Did you put in a whole pack of noodles?
So?
I probably can't help you with too much.
What?
I'm not very hungry.
I know.
The noodles you cooked
are pretty tasty.
Your expression
will make people think I intoxicated you.
I didn't know you could cook.
Is there anything I can't do?
- Aren't there a lot?
- Such as?
Such as
cooking noodles for just one person.
Aren't you hungry? Why don't you eat?
I'll eat later.
It's a little weird
for you to stare at me while I eat.
It's the Spring Festival Eve today.
So, it should be a reunion dinner.
We should eat together.
Do you have a name for the noodles?
Noodles of wealth, longevity,
and richness.
No wonder there is jiaozi.
Thanks to you, I'm having jiaozi.
Today, Sang Yan and I
have our first dinner together alone
after our reunion.
The Spring Festival Gala has young faces.
So, whether the show is good or not
depends on whom you watch the show with.
HAPPY NEW YEAR
ZHAO YUANDONG INVITES YOU TO A VIDEO CALL
Jiang.
Happy New Year! Did you eat?
Yes.
I had jiaozi.
Jia,
say hello to Jiang.
There were years when I didn't even know
what the meaning
of the Spring Festival was.
I made a lot of dishes
for the Spring Festival Eve.
Taste these.
Eat as much as you can. There are more.
More dishes are to be served.
Eat as much as you can, Jia.
Eat some more, Fan. Eat the dishes.
It's my house. I have the final say!
I don't want her to eat at the table!
What did you promise me?
Can't you just bear with it a bit?
Fan, just eat.
Zheng, say hello to Jiang.
Hello, Fan.
Hello.
Well, say a little more.
Fan, Happy New Year.
Come home when you are free.
Yeah.
Jiang, were you at work during the day?
You must be tired. Go to bed early.
I'll hang up now. Bye.
Why didn't you
wish your parents a happy new year?
Isn't it always like this?
My parents don't care much about me.
I fell asleep accidentally.
Did they sing "Unforgettable Tonight"?
The chorus is coming soon.
Do you want to sing together?
Okay. You go first.
You wish!
Dian.
Come on. Time for bed.
I'm going to bed now.
Good night.
Happy New Year.
You uncle doesn't have a son.
Enough.
Jiang.
MEMORIAL TABLET OF MY FATHER WEN LIANGZHE
Don't be too sad.
What's your arrangement
for Yifan in the future?
Could you please let her live with you?
How about asking her
to live with your mother-in-law?
After all, she's her grandma.
What do you think?
You're still young.
It's not easy to take a child with you.
Think about it, won't you?
- Grandma!
- Yifan!
I'll pick you up when I settle down.
Shuangjiang, your grandma
can't look after you in the future.
Come live with me.
Jiang, come on. Time for lunch.
If you don't want to live with me,
call your mother frequently
and ask her
to pick you up soon, all right?
Mom! Mom!
BRAISED FOOD
Hi. Twenty yuan.
Twenty.
Where is the money my aunt gave me?
Will you buy it or not?
People are waiting in line.
I'm sorry. My money seems to be lost.
How could it be lost?
Will I be sent to somewhere else again?
Wen Shuangjiang.
What are you doing sitting here?
Why are you wearing this expression?
Can you lend me 20 yuan?
I came to play basketball
and didn't bring any money.
- Don't bother.
- Bother with what?
That I don't have money now
doesn't mean I won't have money
in five minutes.
Take it.
Wait for me here. Five minutes.
Just five minutes. Wait for me.
Here.
Take it.
You can give it back when you want.
Thank you.
What?
It looks like you are about to cry.
You don't have to be so touched.
Well, it's not a big deal.
It's just that you lost 20 yuan.
Just call me
if you lose money again.
I can lend you
however much you want.
Coming.
Qiao?
- Dian!
- Xiang Lang?
Happy New Year!
Happy New Year, Dian!
Long time no see.
See? We are here to wish you a happy
new year on the first day of the year.
- Are you surprised?
- Are you shocked?
I'm surprised and shocked.
- Please come in.
- Okay.
This is Dian's new home.
Is this Sang Yan's room?
Qiao! Qiao, this is someone else's room.
Let's not go in.
Why are you so nervous?
We… We have an agreement
to tell each other in advance
if people come over.
We are other people?
Look, I bought you a New Year's gift.
We often fought over it when we were kids.
She saw this at the store downstairs
and couldn't even walk.
I knew she wanted to eat this.
Not like that!
It's the first day of the Spring Festival.
I'm bringing love home…
- To share it.
- You two are so harmonious now.
- Give it to me! Come on.
- Let's go.
I need to use the bathroom, Dian.
It's Sang Yan's. Go to the one in my room.
I'll use Sang Yan's.
We are both boys. He won't mind.
He will.
Here, eat this.
Do you have poker cards? Let's play poker!
I'll get them.
Wait a minute. I need to answer a call.
Where are they? I'll get them.
There,
in my dressing table drawer.
Okay.
Hello?
- You are awake?
- What are you calling me for?
I bought too much porridge this morning.
It's in the rice cooker. Eat some.
I didn't know Sang Yan was so neat.
The bathroom is neatly arranged.
Dian,
I can't find the poker cards.
Look for them.
Okay, I'll get them for you later.
There are other people.
Yes. Well, Qiao came
to wish me a happy new year.
You called me
when I was about to call you.
There's a guy too.
Xiang Lang is here too.
Eat this.
Hello? Are you listening?
It's too noisy here. I can't hear clearly.
Talk later when I'm back.
Hello?
Is it noisy?
I'm dead!
What should I do?
He's killing his way back!
Aren't we supposed to watch movies
and play cards at home?
Where are we going when it's so cold?
Dian?
We should take a walk outside
during the festival.
Anyway, I haven't been home
for a long time
and want to take a walk.
How about going somewhere far away?
Good!
But I can't go home too late.
Dian, something's wrong with you.
- Are you afraid of Sang Yan?
- What does it have to do with Sang Yan?
One thing in the joint rental agreement
between Dian and Sang Yan
is they can't take friends home for fun.
- And they can't go home too late.
- Don't exaggerate.
Is Sang Yan usually very fierce to you?
- Why do I feel you fear him?
- No, don't listen to Qiao's exaggeration.
Why should I fear him?
If it's not fear,
it's… care?
Anyway, what we are doing is quite fun.
It's like we are playing PVP in a game
and we keep provoking our opponent.
Then he got angry and picked up the sword.
SWEEPING THOUSANDS OF TROOPS
Since we're running for life, sit down.
- Let's escape from that big monster.
- Okay.
You've driven for so long.
Is this the splendid scenery
you talked about?
I've been here when I was a kid.
It is beautiful.
It's so cold. The coldness
is giving me a headache.
I think it's beautiful.
Do you know
legend has it there is a fairy?
She can make your wish come true
if you make a wish.
- Where is she?
- Over there.
In the illusory.
I need to answer a call.
You are busy even in the Spring Festival.
I have an order.
It's not easy for us to meet.
You should have turned it off.
I took the order
before the Spring Festival.
I'll answer it.
Dian,
what's your wish?
Forget it. No wish can be truly realized.
- Hello?
Zhong Siqiao, I was wondering
if we should rehearse for it.
- Rehearse?
- More like a discussion.
Isn't it just helping you
by having dinner with you?
Please!
- Where are you?
- At work.
Okay, I got it.
Okay, it's a deal. Bye.
- You don't have to.
- It's fine.
Put it on.
I'm leaving.
- Did you catch a cold?
- Seems like it.
I said you caught a cold
and you didn't believe it.
Here, take the cold medicine.
Thank you.
- Take it when you are back.
- Okay.
You are only here to take an order?
Yes, the client made an appointment
to discuss it here.
- Remember to take medicine.
- OK, stay safe.
- Bye.
Bye.
UPTOWN FLOWER CITY
- Hello, Qiao?
- You arrived home so early?
We just arrived.
I'm still in Xiang Lang's car.
Did you go somewhere else?
Well…
What do you want to say?
Can you please help me check
if Sang Yan is still working?
He doesn't seem to be here.
What's wrong?
You are afraid to meet him
when you are back home.
Of course not.
Okay, that's it.
Shall I go upstairs with you?
Let's go eat something. Are you hungry?
Well, Qiao, we are going to eat something.
Take time with your work.
Okay. Then you go and eat. Bye!
Okay, bye.
Let's go eat casserole porridge.
We've been in the cold the whole day.
It will warm us.
You are awake?
What are you calling me for?
I bought too much porridge this morning.
It's in the rice cooker. Help eat some.
Oh, no! The porridge!
We can eat something else
if you don't want it.
It's not that.
We'll eat it some other day.
- Be careful on the road.
- Dian…
UPTOWN FLOWER CITY
What are you looking for?
You're back.
I was back at noon.
I'm sorry. I forgot to eat
the porridge you asked me to.
Why did you apologize?
Do you think I bought
the porridge for you especially?
Who took off gloves to insist
that we can't bring other people home?
Who was it?
I'm sorry.
I'll tell you in advance next time.
Next time?
Do you want to punish me?
Okay, punishment.
So, what will the punishment be?
I don't know.
It's up to you.
If it's up to me, then…
- Exchange.
- Exchange for what?
Tomorrow, I'll bring someone
home for dinner too.
Do you have a girlfriend?
I mean, you should tell your girlfriend
about our joint rental if you have one,
in case of misunderstandings.
I don't have a girlfriend.
But don't be too happy about it.
I don't want one.
Okay.
So, we'll talk about it
if you find a girlfriend
during our joint rental.
And, of course,
I will tell you if I have a boyfriend.
Not interested.
Who is he going to bring back home?
THE STORY IS NOT OVER YET…
He usually eats very politely.
Dad,
I think something's wrong with my brother.
- Your brother…
- Let's toast!
- Well, next…
- I have things to do. I'm going out.
Where are you going
on the Spring Festival Eve?
To meet a friend.
What friend? Is it Jiaxu?
Meet him tomorrow even if you have to.
It's the Spring Festival Eve.
Come on, Ping.
It's fine. It's because you spoiled him.
Why are you back?
Didn't you said you wouldn't be back
until the eighth day of Spring Festival?
Too many relatives at home.
There are not enough rooms.
HUGE THANKS TO EVERYONE INVOLVED
AND TO ALL THE FANS OF THE FIRST FROST!
TREAT YOURSELF WELL
AND THE WORLD WILL HOLD MORE LOVE FOR YOU!